Today, we'll be playing
Mario Golf: Advance Tour
For this round,
we'll be using Gene.
Gene used to be called
"The King of Birdies"
...and was once the
champion of the Links Club.
Unfortunately for him,
he lost that title to Kid.
Right now, his stats
are unremarkable.
His drive isn't really
that great (250 yds).
His swing control and
impact are a bit weak.
His only real strength
is his above-average spin.
But Custom Clubs can help
improve his effectiveness.
We'll play on the
Star Links Course.
9 random holes
from the back tee.
So far so good...
Holy shit! I did not expect
that to happen.
We're off to a
pretty good start!
Better safe than sorry...
Probably shouldn't have
used backspin TBH.
Close, but no cigar.
Good thing Gene's timing
was on point.
Ugh, this is gonna be a pain.
Gene's shot trajectory is
obstructed by obstacles.
Unsurprisingly, the ball
didn't land on the green.
Thankfully, Gene still
salvaged a birdie.
Goddamnit.
Third time's the charm.
Huh.
That's the 3rd time Gene got
a birdie with a chip-in.
Goddamn...
Gene's on a roll right now.
Four birdies in a row and a
goddamn eagle on his 1st hole.
Landing on a heath...
not a good thing...
Too bad the birdie streak's
gonna end on this hole.
Good thing the ball still
landed on the fairway...
This could be trouble...
At this point, Gene's not
going to get an eagle
for this hole.
But a birdie is still possible.
Final Score: -8
A very good round for Gene.